Israel's parliament has passed a law
which could allow a potential shutdown
of foreign broadcasters in the country
including Al jazer the caness had voted
overwhelmingly in favor of the law which
Israel has been pushing since the
beginning of its war on Gaza the law
allows Israel to shut down any
broadcaster if it deems its content
threatens National Security Israel's
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu posted
on X saying Al jaer actively
participated in the October 7th Massacre
and incited against against Israeli
soldiers he says it's time to remove the
mouthpiece of Hamas from our country and
called Al jazer a terror Channel
Netanyahu says he intends to take
immediate action to stop alzer's
activities in Israel well the US state
department has responded to the knesset
vote saying that it supports Al
jazer we support the independent Free
Press anywhere in the world and we think
the work that the independent Free Press
does is important everywhere in the
world world and much of what we know
about what has happened in Gaza is
because of reporters who are there doing
their jobs including reporters from Al
jazer um I'll say just with with respect
to Al jazer obviously we you know I
think it's well known that we've not
always agreed with all of Al jaz's
coverage but it's a media organization
that we engage with I've done interviews
with Al jazer other people from the
Department have done uh interviews with
Al jazer so um what we will continue to
make clear is that we support the work
that the free press does